Please note that this list is compiled from user complaints/proof/other forms of confirmation. This list is not 100% confirmed to be accurate, but have tried to hurt the community and/or it's members in some way.
If you have proof someone is trying to scam players
please contact me.

HUGE DISRESPECT TO thetechgame (website) deltes anyones post who attemps to help people for free only there to sell saves!!!

ProSkull37/Modz-4-Realz - selling my personal save

lx_rick_xl/d_rick_b - Will not give credit after I showed him how to create weapons. Denying that I showed him my tutorials. Claiming to be the founder of the bypass. Modifying my 1.03/personal save and claiming to be the creator without credit.

BorderlandPS - Lying about who created my saves and trying to give me a bad name in general as well as slandering myself and friends. (and he is still trying so hard lol)
xPikaGirl15x - Lying about who created my saves and trying to give me a bad name in general.
DySr_Havoc - Lying about who created my saves and trying to give me a bad name in general as well as slandering myself and friends.
WarGod816 - Taking credit for my saves and selling my saves.

BigMac_BigMac - Trying to get IPs of friends as well as trying to give us a bad name.

iMake-Demons - Selling Pre-made characters.
BlumChum/TacoGuacamole - Selling Pre-made characters.
whosthedevel101 - Selling Pre-made characters.
SoulStealer50 - "Borderlands God" for selling pre-made characters.
dragunguy - Selling Pre-made characters.
Iron_Hulk591 - Selling Pre-Made Characters.
Dillindaking - Selling Pre-Made Characters.
Kman21_ - "Borderlands God" for selling pre-made characters.
along9876 - Selling Pre-Made Characters.
blacknirish2013 - Selling Pre-Made Characters.
jacobmoniz - Selling Pre-Made Characters.

BradBrozBeforBi - Helping scammers sell pre-made modded characters.
osarthegamer2009 - Helping scammers sell pre-made modded characters.

N2cky277 - Selling boosting lobbies
k.k6533_beatsaudio_borderlandsmods_etc (eBay) - Selling all services (boost drops etc).
luirodrigue268 (eBay) - Selling all services (boost drops etc).
blacknirish2013 - Selling all services (boost drops etc).
nbiller - Selling all services (boost drops etc).
pugman200 - selling weapons and boosting lobbies
carter99floyd - Selling boosting lobbies and drops
themelly717 - Selling boosting lobbies and drops
Not2Small -Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
Equinox_skill_ - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
VaiN_L-i-G-H-T - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
armyocs - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
Mr_CWB86 - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
carter99floyd - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
xntzxgangstaboi - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
aogllc - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
kikkin_yo_azzez - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
xBlacknIrishx - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
blacknirish2013 (ebay) - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
Spinz_ look/youngerflames - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
-Sparks - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.
carter99floyd - Selling boosting lobbies and drops.

XLborderlandsXL - Stealing accounts.
Charzart12345678 - Stealing accounts.
I_are_baboon6666 - Stealing accounts.