Keep the character backed up on a flashdrive or via cross save.


Reload - This means that after the character has been used for it's 
specific purpose it will have to be overwrote with the original version
that is backed up on either a flashdrive or cross saved version of the 
character. 

Master Copy - "ITEMS ONLY" a master copy is a item that has a quantity set
past 1. A master copy will allow you to sell the item 20 times and buy it
back 20 times for multiple drops. 


Hybrid saves - Hybrid saves are contained on the normal character saves.
In order to keep the weapons you will have to "reload" the character after
every use.

Boosting lobbeis - The characters Boosting lobby is contained on PT4
Willow.Menu and can only be used one time per save. The save has to be 
"reloaded" after every use.

Currency Dropper - Character contains all currency found within game to
drop to another person or youself. All of the items are "master copies".
After dropping all of the items you will need to "reset" the character.

Customizations - Characters will contain either vehicle skins or 
character heads and skins. After you drop them you will have to "reload"
your character.  


How to duplicate Characters via cross save function:

1. Upload your character
2. Download your character and save as new.
3. Repeat for as many characters as you want.  


PS3:

Insert flashdrive in to your computer.
Create a Folder called PS3 (all caps)
Go in PS3 and create a folder called SAVEDATA (all caps)
Drag and drop your character "BLUS/BLES" character/s to SAVEDATA
Remove flashdrive and insert it in your PS3
Go to save data utility in your XMB game menu
Once you find your character press triangle and copy to system
Start Borderlands 2
Press Triangle and select your character
Go to cross save then upload your character for a quick backup.

PS4:
Read all of PS3 to and continue from this point.
Once your character is uploaded go to your PS4/CrossSave/Download on Borderlands 2.
Remember to upload your character after to create an easy backup.

PS4 to flashdrive:
Go to your PSHome/Settings/Application Saved Data Management/Save Data in System Storage/Copy to USB Storage Device