(SAVE PACK CREATED BY Xcier-Freedom/ProtoBuffers)

Borderlands 2/TPS:

Dropper "NextGen" - 3k items in the backpack.
Gives you instant trophies if you don't have them. UVHM
requires 1 mission to turn in and it will give you 
DID IT ALL. Willow.Menu has a EXP lobby on it. 

Dropper "LastGen" - 150 items/weapons in the backpack.
Gives you instant trophies if you don't have them. UVHM
requires 1 mission to turn in and it will give you 
DID IT ALL. Willow.Menu has a EXP lobby on it. 

Hybrid Characters - Contains Hybrids on Normal, True,
and Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode. Has an Exp lobby on PT4.
Has to be "Reloaded" after every use.

Normal Modded Characters - These characters are OP8
with a full skill tree, unlimited ammo, and all playthroughs
unlocked.

Legit Characters - Legit ammo aswell as skill trees.
Good for starting players who want to get used to the 
game before they play with modded items.

Level 1 Modded characters: These characters are level one
with a full skill tree, unlimited ammo, and all playthroughs
unlocked, but not completed.

Customization - 2 saves to prevent the game from crashing.
One save contains the head and skin dropper the other contains
a vehicle skin dropper. Mission Rewards are for lastgen/PC.
Nextgen has 688 heads/skins and PC/lastgen has 713 

Level 100/125 lobby - PT4 "willow.menu" is level 100/125
Has tons of mission that haven't been accepted so you can
play through the game with much harder difficulty. If you want
to have more fun try importing the mission data from a hybrid
character save then pushing PlayThrough 3 to the forth slot. 

Currency dropper - Contains droppable: Eridium, Seraph Crystals,
Torgue Tokens, and money Save LOAD contains all Currencies
Spam X when on mission reward to get a max money sellable item.

Modded Character Level - Characters that have levels over 72.
Can not join other players online and levels reset when 
game starts.

Profile - 150 million badass rank. This does not carry %
to PS4 (If you have Xbox or PC use the GPD/Profile editor).-
https://www.se7ensins.com/forums/threads/borderlands-2-gpd-editor-v2-3-0-5.858397/

(SAVE PACK CREATED BY Xcier-Freedom/ProtoBuffers)

Borderlands 1:

Borderlands 1 Modded saves just contain normal modded gear 
you would normally see anyone using while playing.

(SAVE PACK CREATED BY Xcier-Freedom/ProtoBuffers)

Borderlands 3:
Customizations - Contains all customizations within the game
multiple saves to prevent lag issues.
